# bibisi
The males of the Ayam Cemani chicken breed of Indonesia, commonly referred to as Big Black Cocks, are chickens that produce a dark pigment throughout their bodies. The eggs, feathers, flesh, beaks, wattles, combs, and sometimes organs are black or a dark grey. Contrary to popular belief, their bones are not black. The breed is quite rare and is used in Indonesian cockfighting. 
The Ayam Cemani, despite being referred to as Big Black Cocks, are considered moderately sized for chickens. Cocks are 4.4-5 pounds, while hens weigh 3.3-4.4 pounds. The chickens have an unusual pigment, being all black even in areas that usually aren't, such as their combs and wattles. The Ayam Cemani are relatively lean compared to modern chickens, but have a firm and strong musculature. Due to descending from the Red Junglefowl quite early, they retain great flight abilities and large wings. This breed is also resilient to temperature, and the hens are poor egg-layers. The eggs of the Ayam Cemani are a cream colored, and weigh ~60 grams. 
The origin of the breed is unknown, but it came from Java, Indonesia (omgsisa like the Java programming language). 'Ayam' simply means chicken, while 'Cemani' could refer to the island, or a deep black color. The breed would later spread to Europe through the Dutch East India Company. The Chicken was first described by western sources by Dutch colonial settlers. The bird has always been, and still is today, something only the wealthy were able to have, and was often used as a status symbol. Their DNA (the fibromelanosis gene) link to some Silkie Chickens and Swedish Black Hens, and as Islam and previous Shamanism was spread in Indonesia, Ayam Cemani adapted into the islamic spiritual world, though it wasn't a local routine, people used it for black magic and other rituals. Ayam Cemani was also introduced to Europeans by Dutch Breeder, Jan Steverink in 1998 that imported Ayam Cemani chickens them from Indonesia, and bringed them to Netherlands, but since the sea chinks are annoying niggers, importing OR exporting Ayam Cemani from Indonesia is highly stricted by the Indonesian Government, since the value of Ayam Cemani costs thousands of dollars. And many of the birds labeled "cemani" in the west are mostly crossbreeds or low-purity stocks.


i AM readin allat 
